Elfie.co is a global healthcare digital company focused on revolutionising wellness solutions to enhance individual health outcomes. Our vision is to provide a holistic and gamified solution to monitor general health and chronic diseases, the silent killers of our generation.
Each year, 25% of all people die from a chronic disease (hypertension, diabetes, cholesterol, angina, asthma…). So much of that could be avoided if people were aware of their condition and followed their doctor's prescription and lifestyle recommendations. Unfortunately, they don’t due to a lack of awareness of danger, unwillingness to change lifestyle,  and costs to follow treatment (lifelong).

Elfie is a disruptive disease prevention and management application that gamified self-monitoring and supports patients worldwide with AI-driven coaching. It is promoted by 10,000s of doctors and endorsed by multiple healthcare leaders worldwide.

In collaboration with Willis Towers Watson, a renowned global advisory, broking, and solutions company, we are embarking on an exciting venture to establish a thriving business in the field of wellness. Together with WTW, we will create a unique solution, ElfieWorks, available exclusively to WTW clients and partners that will leverage the full spectrum of WTW expertise and assets combined with a premium version of Elfie that will include the best in breed of available technology and gamification.

With every interaction on the app, the firm offers “Elfie coins,”  which give users access to gift cards, discounts, as well as free products and services.
Founded in 2020 by Ofir Ejnes and Jean-Francois Legourd, Elfie said that its system has already been approved by multiple medical associations worldwide. Since its establishment, Elfie has expanded to Brazil and Vietnam.
Last year, the firm raised US$1 million in pre-seed funding from FEBE Ventures.

the Elfie App features:
1. The best wellness apps for free
Elfie brings together all the best features to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, and manage your nutrition.
- Smoking cessation
- Weigh loss
- Nutrition & diet
- Stress management

2. Multi-disease programs
Elfie medical board designed the best plans to self-monitor the most prevalent chronic diseases.
- Hypertension
- Diabetes (type 1, type 2, gestational...)
- Dyslipidemia (high cholesterol)
- Chest pain / angina

3. DIGITAL PILLBOX
With 6+ million medications, Elfie is the most reliable pillbox to remember intakes and refills.

- 100+ therapeutic areas
- 2x annual updates
- 6+ millions approved drugs
- 30k+ connected pharmacies

4.  AI COACHING
- Elfie is the first to integrate OpenAI technology into its chatbot. It is very powerful but you should always consult a healthcare professional if you seek medical advice.

5. FAMILY SUPPORT. Get help from your family
With “family support”, your family can follow and get reminder when you forget your pills or need help to go to the pharmacy.
- Refill / intake reminders
- Inventory tracker
- Support or get support

6. COINS AND REWARDS. It pays to get better
You earn Elfie coins for every step / drug / measurement you take. With these coins, you can get exciting rewards.

- Free products & services
- Gift cards
- Exclusive discounts
- Fortune wheel

Elfie team are consists of 37 employees / member, here are list of their employees:
Jean-Francois - Co-Founder at Elfie
Ofir Ejnes - CEO at Elfie
Laurent CALAMY - Head of Engineering at Elfie
Giang Pham-Le - Commercial & Marketing Lead|Digital Health Startup|Ex...
Phuong Vu - Student at University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Ho Chi Minh City
Melanie Medroso - CEI Certified | CIPD HR Management Certified (L5)
Chi Dinh - QC Engineer
Jean-Francois - Hiring healthtech gamifiers to save lives
Tiep Nguyen - Full-stack lead engineer at Elfie
Philippe Benso - Managing Director at McKinsey & Company
İrem Dur - Nutritionist & Dietitian | Digital Health | Kidlish Content Writer...
Juliana Ferrão - CRM | Communication | Marketing | Data Analysis
Emilie Cristini - General Manager - Brazil | HealthTech Startup | Digital...
Matt Schweitz - Software Engineering
Khang Nguyen - Senior Mobile Developer at Elfie
Kevin Coudenne - Global Finance Manager
LinkedIn Member - Software Product Manager (Health) at Apple
Christiaan Kaptijn - Managing Partner at Integra Partners
Phat Duong - Mobile Developer at Elfie
Vy Ta - Mobile Team Lead at Elfie
Aya Elgohary - Podcast host / Media analyst/ Senior English Instructor
Quang Vu - AI & ML Enthusiast
Can KAYA, MD - Experienced Biopharmaceutical Industry Leader
Jang Trinh - Enthusiastic & Passionate Product Maker, Process Geek...
Sami Ullah - Office work Rawalpindi at Elfie
LinkedIn Member - Pharmacist at Elfie
Vivian Sztetrling - Mindfulness and Meditation Teacher, Behavioral Nutritionist...
by Elfie ongles - Prothésiste ongulaire et ciliaire chez by Elfie
Mi Nguyen Vo - Health and Wellness Coach
Tinatin Dekanoidze - Qualified trainer in different fields, TESOL/TEFL certified...
LinkedIn Member - Human Resources Manager at Elfie
LinkedIn Member - Concepteur paysagiste chez Elfie son jardin
LinkedIn Member - [Title not provided]
LinkedIn Member - chief executive at elfie limited
LinkedIn Member - Altenpflegerin bei Elfie Pflegedienst
LinkedIn Member - Empaquetador en Elfie
LinkedIn Member - traductor at elfie